Your Fù Shì
Is worth what?
Worthy of discussing cooperation
With Dì Háo Group?
If I see you
Bullying Miss Qín again
I’ll make your Fù family
And Jiǎng family
Disappear from the business world forever
Got it?
Why aren’t you scrambling?
Qín Ruò Yǔ
You dare
Seduce the chairman’s secretary to deceive people
Sooner or later, I’ll kill you
Miss Qín
This is
What the chairman asked me
To give you—a trillion-yuan contract
Keep it safe
For me?
If you think it’s not enough
We can raise it
To fifty billion
No, no, no
It’s enough, it’s enough
OK
Then three days from now
I’ll send someone
To your company for the signing ceremony
Thank you
But
I’ve never met your chairman
How am I
His beloved?
Also
Why would he so easily
Give me this contract?
Well
Our chairman
Isn’t someone who’d let
Miss Qín lose
OK
I’ll get to work
Goodbye